[Music]
girl just touched the badge
i was shocked in an instant what
happened just now she squatted down
again to touch the badge
passing through in an instant this will
pick up her badge directly
immediately came to a field of golden
wheat there is a huge city treasure not
far behind
she walked forward curiously knocked my
head seeing this seems to be a parallel
world
long mao was about to help her pick up
the badge stopped by her
i'm afraid i won't discover the secret i
wrapped my badge with gumskin
then she let the old man touch it dad
touched it nothing happened
it seems that this badge is only useful
for yourself the girl immediately
regretted a dur
this is so interesting what are you
excited about i have confiscated this
badge
before daddy goes to bed she touched the
badge on the bedside table again
you have to go to the city treasure to
take a look i dry the wall again
she walked along the wall to find a way
out step on empty
spitting down the stairs this time she
pushed a bike
ready to illuminate and illuminate i
touch the badge first
determine the general direction of hao
chung bao then drink there
when she thinks it's almost here take
out the badge and touch again
the scene in front of me instantly
brightened my eyes girl named kwa
at this time she came to an unknown
parallel world suspended train
returning rocket penetrable swimming
pool everything is so high tech
i'm looking at junghi here but found
that the badge is running out of power
i heard a girl say it will be 20 light
years away she followed this girl
but the resistance under your feet is
getting bigger and bigger when the power
of the badge enters the gods
kwewon made the boss want to get on the
spaceship but still didn't sit
who would have thought that this lang
lang is still out of power so i went
home and started looking for information
about the badge
sure enough there is a store collecting
this badge
i found this shop based on the address
kwa but when the boss took a look at the
badge
it was directly excited i have to ask
where kwa got this badge
i don't know where it came from if i
know i'll still ask you austrian
turn around and leave after talking who
knows the boss and the boss
raise the toy gun to keep her away
frighten anyone with a toy gun
but this toy gun store left a leak on
the roof say tilda where did this badge
come from
i really don't know here a steel ball
broke through the window
a free space bomb detonates instantly
frozen the two bosses
a girl broke through the window she's
here to save quaiwa
but kuya's hands were also frozen the
girl squeezed her out hard
then started fighting with the boss
don't look at the little one as tall
there are really two brushes i quickly
tore off the boss's head
surprised she is a robot and the boss
also started the self-exposure program
fortunately the girl is pulling the
emerald flower escaped a second before
bakken
then she shot at the car window drove
quaiwa and ran away
the girl is called xiaoya but kwa found
out that she was also a robot
when i think about it these robots must
be in the same group
a big rui stopped the car get off the
car as a meal
shaoya just got out of the car was flew
by a red pickup truck
but kwajing didn't care about her grab a
pick up and run
xiaoyu sits up nothing happened because
she is a robot
then shauya turned on sprint mode take a
look at kwewa
shaya stays behind and pushes her every
day jump into the bucket scared kwewa to
the brakes
assigned her the co-pilot xiaoyu pulled
out the key the door handle is also
swollen
what scared kwawa was ocho called xiaya
explained
comes from that parallel world and want
to go back again
you have to be saved by a doctor soon
kweiwa came to his door
walking forward a hay dog rushed out run
every day for quah
but she found that the dog had no
footprints so i started paddling twice
it turned out to be just a holographic
projection kwewa came to the door and
knocked
but the doctor told her where do you
stay cool
then a wave of air broke her two miles
come out and tell her
what's the place to go to the ruined
place 66
there you go she thought of a loss if
she didn't let her go
i lighted his minivan the doctor pulled
a small ice water gun and went out to
put out the fire
puff puff at the small truck the fire is
extinguished but the home can't go back
hey silly girl tilda you opened the door
for me quaiwa
what did you do to me during the day
cuts also gave dr kutz a shot
kwe was putting her admiration on
doctors high technology
the doctor got into the house under the
stairs the two are arguing but the alarm
goes off
it turned out that there was another
wave of robots with guns
the doctor quickly turns on the defense
system but a robot opened the iron gate
one step ahead
the doctor goes up as a small electric
roller electricity to the robot as a
hindrance
then the doctor kicked her up the other
one hasn't waited to show up
he was burst into his brain by an
electric current two robots are resting
on the iron gate
doctor's little hand presses on the
keyboard the two gave away the she
here comes another one behind him the
doctor thinks that a needle will stop
him
the result was destroyed by the robot
before this kweiwa saw the teleport
aperture of the doctor
buckle the robot then the two squeezed
into the escape bathtub
doctor open the house self-exposure
system the robot is about to peel off
the bathtub cover
doctor quickly activate the button
moment after the house burst
the bathtub sparkled out with lightning
coochie fell into a lake not far away
shaiya also drove here to pick them up
three people passed through the
space-time shuttle
actually came to the top of the eiffel
tower the doctor also solved the secret
left by addison
is a rocket that can be teleported to a
parallel world the three quickly lifted
off on a rocket
the rocket that has risen into position
begins to pick up and go back to work
this small speed is swooshing let time
and space begin to warp
the three of them are also sorry soon
the rocket broke through the atmosphere
and came to a parallel world
the boss of the parallel world came to
greet them take them into the spacetime
inspection tower
there is a magic little red ball here
front and back you can see the earth's
past and future benefits
pass the little red ball kwa sees the
future of the earth everywhere
bursts famines tsunamis melting glaciers
and these will all come in 58 days but
kwa discovered all this it's all the
vernacular of this test tower
kwa recommends closing the inspection
tower but the boss disagrees annoyed
since i don't agree i have to play a
little bit of shade
the doctor shook hands with the boss
press the control button of the watch
hurry up and blow up this tower then
xiaoyu took out a pinball from her belly
the robot detects a pinball the robot
detects the pinball
catch shaoya at once the job of throwing
bombs was given to quehwa
kwawa grabs the lift but no one taught
her how to play pinball
but let her understand just going up but
the boss gave him back
fortunately xiaoyi used the robot to
support the elevator
quay was counted as full landing but the
bomb before this is about to explode
kwa skims zayden through the portal the
explosion of air collapsed the pillar
next to it
the boss is under the pressure the
former boss wanted to use a laser gun to
kill drive
xiaoya a fierce boy filed this shot for
the doctor
although xiaoya is a robot but she has
feelings for the doctor
at this time xiaya's self-exposure
system has been activated
the doctor threw her to the test tower
reluctantly accompanied by a loud noise
the inspection tower exploded the boss's
plan is too bad
and no one knows the future of the earth
one year later the doctor restarted the
recruitment plan
use these badges to recruit those who
have dreams
to rebuild this parallel world together
if one day you also pick up such a badge
would you join their dreams too who owe
wagin is waiting for your answer in the
comment area